[Music] always finds something for everyone for
of course I don't want to [Music]
Anyway, he has a work for me, now there are more
water is called hank it is as if lightning had split me in two although it is almost
because he is passionate today he is loving and sexy he is a great great lover I want him to
you come to an island with me we would leave tomorrow
[Applause]
Yes
[Music] nothing
[Music]
welcome to [Music]
I no longer see is that to see [Music]
ah I have a big problem
[Music]
welcome back [Music]
I hope to see you there then so much to egg
[Music] horner
yes no drugged
[Music]
yes [Music]
are
[Music]
Could you turn the music down a bit please
better that's how it is
[Music]